-----------------------------------------------------------

## Andrey Kashirin

Considered positions: **Agile Manger, Python Developer**
  
-----------------------------------------------------------

![technologies tags](/tags.png)
### Summary

I’ve started my career as a telecom engineer, meanwhile having high
passion to software development. Both of these fields are joined in my
position as a leader of the team, developing software for telco.

I do like learning: during daily trip to work I read some technical
books or watch courses.

I’ve been working in startups where we had very limited resources at the
beginning and I’ve had to try different roles, therefore I’ve got
practical understanding of daily tasks and the needs of participants of
software company’s team; later when team grew I took more management
functions.

My team and I both had high attitude and motivation regardless nature of
task or problem therefore there were no failed technical tasks, where we
took part. Of course that implies work under high pressure and in agile
environment.

I can abstract from problem to be able to look on to in from different
angles, which may speed up its solving. As a good side effect of this,
quite frequently, I see both points of view of arguing parties, so I
help them to reach understanding.

![experience](/expeience.png)

I assume that it's more natural to read from the top to the bottom, thus
I placed my experience in reversed order:

### Education

-   2001 - 2006, [Mordovia State University named after N.P.
    Ogarev (MSU)](https://www.mrsu.ru/en/), **Bachelor**, of
    mathematics, applied mathematics and information science.

I've got bachelor degree of applied math in the university where we
studied a number of languages and math that could be applied to
algorithms. Graduation work – “Development of CAD software for control
[cnc machines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_control).”. An
application which allows to import from AutoCAD and alter; or create
from scratch 3D drawing and export it into machine’s native format to
create a product.

### Employment history

-   June 2005 - June 2009 , [ZTE](https://www.zte.com.cn/global/) ; then
    [Huawei](https://www.huawei.com/), **Technical Support Engineer**,
    *. Moscow, Russia*

    B2B; Telco circuit switching core

In both companies I had similar duties: providing full-cycle deployment
of 2/3G telecom CS core equipment. I've got valuable experience working
in customer-facing environment; under high pressure and of course good
knowledge of telecom standards plus business processes (huawei borrowed
processes from IBM) and corporate culture.

-   September 2009 - July 2014 (4 years 11 months),
    [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/industries/communications/solutions.html),
    **Professional service engineer**,* remote, Mulhouse, France*

    B2B; Telco probed passive monitoring equipment, service assurance.

Here I continued dive into telecom. I worked with network monitoring
system. I've deepen understanding how networks work (literally down to
the bits) and written few apps which were included into the distribution
image. Here I've got experience working in multicultural (although
mainly western) environment having colleagues form the Europe and the
US.

-   April 2013 – February 2019. Rivasense; then renamed to
    [SysQual](http://sysqual.net/), **Development Lead**. *Moscow,
    Russia*

    B2B; Development of Telco probed passive monitoring equipment.

This is my long-play. Considering negative experience with the system in
Oracle we decided to develop our own from the scratch. Here I shared
many roles as this startup grew up before my eyes. I started as business
analyst, then added architecture, then database design and architecture
and python backend development and finally devops). As company got
larger I passed some of these roles to my new colleagues, but quite
frequently I had to recall my duties to assist in difficult case.
Management of the team of 23 members (12 developers), including 75%
remote members. Each domain has its own language and technologies, but I
list major: clickhouse, mysql, linux, nginx, ansible, systemd,
openstack, vmware, ansi c, php, js, python, sql. I had to know each at
basic level, because sometimes in case of rush I helped to make some
patches. Product won a quite demanding tender in Tier I telco operator.
Finally product was bought by large swiss competitor and buried(

-   April 2019 – present. [HyperQuant](https://hyperquant.net/), **BE
    Team Lead**. *Moscow, Russia*

    *B2C; Fin-tech.*

I manage development and delivery of several cryptocurrency trading
products. Team consists of both office and remote developers. As far as
it’s startup with limited budged – I have hands on experience with
development. BackEnd is a bunch of services (not exposed to public) and
API endpoints for web gui. All backend is written on python: django,
django-rest. DBs are: ClickHouse and Postgres. We use CI/CD with:
gitlab, github, docker and almost ready to jump into AWS. Of course this
is relatively new industry for me and I had to learn a lot of things,
but I like learning.


### Hobby

-   Skiing
-   Bike

### Contacts

* Whatsapp, Telegram: +7 926 014 2327
* Skype: kashirinas
* email: kashirinas@rambler.ru

